README.md, before:

# Impostor

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-chat-blue?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/Mk3w6Tb)
[![AppVeyor](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/build/Impostor/Impostor/master?style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Impostor/Impostor/branch/master)

Impostor is one of the first **Among Us** private servers, written in C#. 

| Impostor version | Among Us version | Experimental | Download |
|-|-|-|-|
| 1.1.0 | 2020.09.07 - 2020.09.22 | No | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.1.0-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/tag/v1.1.0) |
| 1.2.2 | 2020.09.22 - 2020.11.17 | No | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.2.2-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/tag/v1.2.2) |
| 1.3.0 | 2021.3.5 | No | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.3.0-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/tag/v1.3.0) |
| 1.4.0 | 2021.3.31 - 2021.4.2 | Yes | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-master-blue?style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Impostor/Impostor/branch/master/artifacts) |

## Features

- All Among Us features are implemented. It is a full replacement for the official server.
- Plugin support.
- Server-sided anticheat.

## Installation

### Client

If you just want to play on a server hosted by someone else, you need to follow these instructions.

#### Windows

1. Find the [latest release](https://github.com/AeonLucid/Impostor/releases/latest).
2. Download `Impostor-Patcher-win-x64.zip`.
3. Extract the zip.
4. Run `Impostor.Patcher.exe`.
5. Follow the instructions inside the application.

![Client](docs/images/client.jpg)

If you do not wish to execute any programs. Follow the instructions in [this website](https://impostor.github.io/Impostor)

#### Android

##### Android 10 and below.
1. Go to [this website](https://impostor.github.io/Impostor) **(ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE)**
2. Follow the instructions listed there.

##### Android 11.
1. Connect your phone to a computer. Go to [this website](https://impostor.github.io/Impostor) on the computer and follow the steps 1 and 2 to generate a `regionInfo.dat` file.
2. Instead of following the next steps, open the phone's internal storage on your computer and navigate to `/sdcard/Android/data/com.innersloth.spacemafia/files`.
3. Copy the generated `regionInfo.dat` file into the `files` folder you just navigated to.

#### iOS

iOS devices need to be jailbroken in order to connect to Impostor servers. 

### Server

See the [docs](docs/Running-the-server.md) for instructions on how to set it up.

## Troubleshooting

See [TROUBLESHOOTING](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) to solve issues the Impostor client or the server.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This software is distributed under the **GNU GPLv3** License.

## Credits

- [willardf/Hazel-Networking](https://github.com/willardf/Hazel-Networking)

Commit message:

Simplify the setup instructions
The patcher has not been updated to support the new JSON format and is
less necessary now that JSON is used for the region file format.

The website also now has deeplinking support, so we point Android/iOS
people to the website now too as that is more convenient compared to the
previous methods.

README.md, after:

# Impostor

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-chat-blue?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/Mk3w6Tb)
[![AppVeyor](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/build/Impostor/Impostor/master?style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Impostor/Impostor/branch/master)

Impostor is one of the first **Among Us** private servers, written in C#. 

| Impostor version | Among Us version | Experimental | Download |
|-|-|-|-|
| 1.1.0 | 2020.09.07 - 2020.09.22 | No | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.1.0-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/tag/v1.1.0) |
| 1.2.2 | 2020.09.22 - 2020.11.17 | No | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.2.2-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/tag/v1.2.2) |
| 1.3.0 | 2021.3.5 | No | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.3.0-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/tag/v1.3.0) |
| 1.4.0 | 2021.3.31 - 2021.4.2 | Yes | [![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-master-blue?style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Impostor/Impostor/branch/master/artifacts) |

## Features

- All Among Us features are implemented. It is a full replacement for the official server.
- Plugin support.
- Server-sided anticheat.

## Installation

### Client

If you just want to play on a server hosted by someone else, you need to configure your client to connect to an Impostor server. Please go to [this website](https://impostor.github.io/Impostor) to set up your client by following the instructions for your OS there.

### Server

See the [docs](docs/Running-the-server.md) for instructions on how to set it up.

## Troubleshooting

See [TROUBLESHOOTING](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) to solve issues the Impostor client or the server.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This software is distributed under the **GNU GPLv3** License.

## Credits

- [willardf/Hazel-Networking](https://github.com/willardf/Hazel-Networking)
